I know you're excited to start building web applications, but this course has one prerequisite.
You must be comfortable with the Java programming language.
If you are comfortable with Java, then please skip this video and move on.
If you're not comfortable with Java.
I would highly, highly recommend enrolling in the Complete Java Development Bootcamp.
It is the highest rated Java course online and if you haven't already joined the discord, there is
a link in the resources folder.
The resources folder is a small icon that you will find close to your lecture title, and once you click
on the link Inside the Discord, there is a section for course discounts.
There you can find a 90% discount for the complete Java Development Bootcamp.